Moving around GUC changes and cagg function references (#565)
timescale/docs.timescale.com-content: getting-started/configuring.md

$ timescaledb-tune --quiet --yes --dry-run >> /path/to/postgresql.conf
```

> ## Postgres configuration and tuning [](postgres-config)

Author: @mfreed - these are my current headings (below for TimescaleDB too). Let me know what you think.

data nodes. It is by default enabled.

#### `timescaledb.enable_remote_explain (bool)` [](enable_remote_explain)

Enable getting and showing `EXPLAIN` output from remote nodes. This
will require sending the query to the data node, so it can be affected
by the network connection and availability of data nodes. It is by default disabled.

#### `timescaledb.remote_data_fetcher (enum)` [](remote_data_fetcher)

Pick data fetcher type based on type of queries you plan to run, which
can be either `rowbyrow` or `cursor`. The default is `rowbyrow`.

#### `timescaledb.ssl_dir (string)` [](ssl_dir)

Specifies the path used to search user certificates and keys when
connecting to data nodes using certificate authentication. Defaults to
`timescaledb/certs` under the PostgreSQL data directory.

#### `timescaledb.passfile (string)` [](passfile)

Specifies the name of the file where passwords are stored and when
connecting to data nodes using password authentication.

### Administration [](administration)

#### `timescaledb.restoring (bool)` [](restoring)

Set TimescaleDB in restoring mode. It is by default disabled.

#### `timescaledb.license (string)` [](license)

> TimescaleDB license type. Determines which features are enabled. The
> variable value defaults to `timescale`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TimescaleDB license type. Determines which features are enabled. The
variable can be set to `timescale` or `apache`.  Defaults to `timescale`.
```
